I’m a scientist and maker who is interested in the ways technology shapes our solutions to the climate crisis. I’m one of those people who is passionate about figuring out how things work and finding ways to explain complex information to others. I love taking apart new gadgets to figure out how it works. I believe in delivering high quality work and expect the same high standards from those I work with. 

I’m deeply proud of the work I’ve accomplished in the biotech industry while working at IQVIA labs over the past four years. Working in our sample management department I helped work on reducing our backlogs and coordinated compound disposals to assist in clearing space in our inventory, speeding our procurement for our lab staff. I was then promoted to working in our wet lab as an associate scientist and I worked to quickly master our most complex biologics sample extractions. I ended up working in the biotech industry because I was motivated by the damage I witnessed during the COVID-19 pandemic. I care deeply about human health and how my work in the biotech industry has supported several clinical trials and validation work for new drugs that could come to market and transform how we manage some diseases. 

Recently I’ve been working on tackling the biggest threat to human health we will face this century, climate change. I was selected to take part in Cohort 9 of the Climatebase Fellowship, and I use this opportunity to educate myself and meet with many of the professionals leading the solutions to this crisis. My biggest takeaway from this experience is that we have the solutions to mitigate climate change, we just have to implement them. I learned the importance of being part of community that values sustainability and the lives of people affected by climate change is just as important as any developing a new fancy technology. I’ve continued engaging with the fellowship community and I’ve worked on startup projects supporting the electronics and design for the Shannon Hall’s Bloom Bulb project. 

This site exists to show my work and portfolio in an easily accessible format. But also, this is a space for me to demonstrate where I am in my career and where I am heading next. We live in one of the most transformative times in human history and I believe deeply that Climate Tech provides an opportunity for us to achieve a more sustainable, healthy, and equitable future.
